Create ui-c8y-1023-79-0-support-for-automatic-clearing-of-conflicting-tenant-option-categories-during-microservice.md (#4682)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1023-79-0-support-for-automatic-clearing-of-conflicting-tenant-option-categories-during-microservice.md

---
date: ""
title: Automatic clearing of conflicting tenant option categories during microservice upload
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66091
version: 1023.79.0
---

> When uploading a microservice that defines tenant options with a category that already exists in your tenant, the system previously rejected the upload. It required you to manually remove the conflicting tenant options before proceeding. Now you get informed about the conflict, and after retrying the upload, the system automatically clears the existing tenant option category and replaces it with the category defined in the microservice manifest. A warning message informs you upfront before the upload completes, allowing you to review the change. This streamlines the microservice deployment process and eliminates the need for manual cleanup of conflicting tenant options in your tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when uploading a microservice that defined tenant options with a category that already existed in your tenant, the platform rejected the upload. It required you to manually remove the conflicting tenant options before proceeding. You are now informed about the conflict, and after you retry the upload, the platform automatically clears the existing tenant option category and replaces it with the category defined in the microservice manifest. A warning message appears before the upload completes, allowing you to review the change. This streamlines the microservice deployment process and eliminates the need for manual cleanup of conflicting tenant options in your tenant.
```

> When uploading a microservice that defines tenant options with a category that already exists in your tenant, the system previously rejected the upload and required you to manually remove the conflicting tenant options before proceeding. Now user gets informed about it and can retry uploading the microservice and system automatically clears the existing tenant option category and replaces it with the category defined in the microservice manifest. You see a warning message that informs you about this action before the upload completes, giving you the opportunity to review the change. This streamlines the microservice deployment process and eliminates the need for manual cleanup of conflicting tenant options in your tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When uploading a microservice that defines tenant options with a category that already exists in your tenant, the system previously rejected the upload. It required you to manually remove the conflicting tenant options before proceeding. Now you get informed about the conflict, and after retrying the upload, the system automatically clears the existing tenant option category and replaces it with the category defined in the microservice manifest. A warning message informs you upfront before the upload completes, allowing you to review the change. This streamlines the microservice deployment process and eliminates the need for manual cleanup of conflicting tenant options in your tenant.
```

---
date: ""
title: Automatic clearing of conflicting tenant option categories during microservice upload
product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66091
version: 1023.79.0
---
Previously, if user tried to upload a microservice that was defining tenant options of category that was already exisiting in tenant options, error was thrown and user was not able to upload the microservice until tenant options of these category were cleared (or removed from microservice manifest). 

> Now user will see the warning that it is possible to upload microservice but current tenant options category that is conflicting will be cleared and supreseded by microservice category value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When uploading a microservice that defines tenant options with a category that already exists in your tenant, the system previously rejected the upload and required you to manually remove the conflicting tenant options before proceeding. Now user gets informed about it and can retry uploading the microservice and system automatically clears the existing tenant option category and replaces it with the category defined in the microservice manifest. You see a warning message that informs you about this action before the upload completes, giving you the opportunity to review the change. This streamlines the microservice deployment process and eliminates the need for manual cleanup of conflicting tenant options in your tenant.
```
